ci: enforce conventional commits format for PR titles [skip buildkite] (#7513)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/developers/building-contributing.md

Must be one of the following:

* **build**: Changes that affect the build or external dependencies
* **chore**: Maintenance tasks, dependency updates, or other changes that don't modify src or test files
* **ci**: Changes to our CI configuration files and scripts
* **docs**: Documentation only changes
* **feat**: A new feature
* **fix**: A bugfix
* **perf**: A code change that improves performance
* **refactor**: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature

> * **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **style**: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (whitespace, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
```
